Users Class
    (Done) Patient: ID, userName, password, legalName, email, treatmentNotes

    (Done) Staff: ID, userName, password, legalName, email, department

    (Done) Each user should be derived from a super class.

    Include a toString method in both classes.


Driver Class
    (Done) The driver class will call the Login class.

    A Patient Manager object should be returned upon a successful login attempt.

    The Driver class will then use the Patient Manager object to perform any
    desired tasks.

    The Driver class should handle user input.


Login Class
    (Done) Two files will be given. One containing Patient info (patient.csv) and one
    containing Staff info (medicalstaff.csv).

    (Done) The Login class will ask the user for their username and password.

    (Done) The Login class will check each patient or staff member to determine if
           BOTH the username and password match in either of the files.

    (Done) If a match is found, a new user will be created, else an error will be
           caught and handled.

    (Done) Ideally there should be two separate logins for each type of user.
           Upon a successful login attempt, the Login class should return a
           Patient Manager object.

Patient Manager Class
    The class will be instantiated upon a successful login attempt.

    (Done) The class will hold at least the user that is currently logged in and an
           ArrayList of patients.

    (Done) Regardless of user type, the user should be able to view and/or edit
           their own personal info.

    (Done) Only staff members should be able to access the info of other patients.

    (Done) Patients should be sorted by ID and by name.

    (Done) The class should have three methods. One to view the current user's info,
           one to look up a patient, and one to edit the info of the current patient.

    After modifying a patient's info, the patient info file should be rewritten
    to contain the modified info.

    (Done) The class should also print out all emails of patients sorted
           alphabetically.